So let's go ahead and use this exact same pattern both for
our Todos component as well as our Goals component.
So up here, let's make a brand new component.
We will call it ConnectedGoals and
we're also going to render Context.Consumer again here.
So this is going to grab all of the information
that the Goals component needs from our store.
So we will parse it a function that is going to be given the store,
and then now if you look at
the Goals component what information does it need from the store?
Well, it needs dispatch and it also
needs all of the goal items that it needs to render,
it needs to parse to list.
So what we can do is we can grab all of the goals by using store.getState,
and then when we render our Goals component now,
we can parse to it goals and then we can also parse to it
dispatch by doing store.dispatch.
So now this line right here is exactly what we were rendering before, but right here.
But now what we can do is instead of rendering goals,
we want to render our goals,
we want to render our ConnectedGoals component and now we don't need to parse it
anything because it's already grabbing everything that it needs to off of context.
So what that will allow us to do,
is we can come in here and delete this goals line and
now the only other change we need to make to our Goals component is,
you'll notice here that we are calling this.props.store.dispatch,
but what we are parsing it is just dispatch as a prop rather than the whole store.
So let's come in here and inside goals,
we can get rid of.store because we're just parsing in dispatch.
Then now let's do something similar for our Todos components.
So we'll come right here and we will make a new class called ConnectedTodos.
This is also going to use Context.Consumer to grab information from this store.
So we will get past the store and then now what we
want to do is grab the todos coming from
Store.getState and then we want to render
our todos parsing it the todos and also parsing it dispatch,
which we can get from doing store.dispatch.
And then now just as we did with goals inside of todos
instead of doing this.props.store.dispatch,
we can just do this.props.dispatch because we're parsing dispatch indirectly.
We can update this one as well and everything else should work fine,
because now we have this.props.todos coming in from context.
So now inside of our app component,
we can make one small adjustment here.
So we no longer need to grab todos,
because we are going to render our ConnectedTodos,
which will automatically hook up to context and grab those.
And now the only other change we need to make is
we created our connected app component earlier,
but we are still rendering our normal app components.
So we don't want to do that, instead we want to render our connected app component.
So now if we check that this is still working,
you'll notice that we can still do all the functionality that we can do earlier,
but now instead of parsing in the store as a prop,
we are just using React's context API in order to avoid all of that prop plumbing.